so let's set up for a little rhythm part
we're gonna build off this
using those four voicings
you
in this example I began by playing
around
that a mixolydian there are some
chromaticism
Morcom Attis ism here then i go right
back to the scale
so just a rolling like at the end there
all right I begin this one I'm just kind
of mixing so this is sort of a
a G major 7 arpeggio
and then I go into that kind of thing
and then I kind of work six into it
back into sir
another part of that lick was this
little
so this is a fun thing I call it a pivot
point I'm pivoting off of this
and just playing different notes on top
of it
so you could do that kind of thing
anywhere
it's just a really easy thing to do
here's another one
that's kind of a fun one there too